{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Jenny-Margrethe Vej <jvej@di.ku.dk>\
Subject: Information and other things...\
Date: 20 Jan 2016 17:12:39  CET\
To: Katarzyna Wac <wac@di.ku.dk>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hi Kate\
\
I am sorry for not being there yesterday. Mikkel wrote you I saw that\'85 I had bad tuna apparently. :(\
\
Here is what I wanted to talk about at the meeting. \
\
1: I had prepared a DRM for S20, so we could talk about how to label all the DRM\'92s. I have attached it here on email instead. \
\
\
2: Days per participant, until 17-01-16 (this day included)\
\
S11: 61 days\
S12: 68 days\
S13: 68 days\
S14: 64 days\
S15: 68 days\
S16: 32 days\
S17: 70 days\
S18: 70 days\
S19: 68 days\
S20: 69 days\
\
- I don\'92t know how to check the days and minutes they have on PING\
\
- The nights collected from the watch is: \
\
S11: 59 days\
S12: 65 days\
S13: 66 days\
S14: 59 days\
S15: 57 days\
S16: 25 days\
S17: 68 days\
S18: 51 days\
S19: 53 days\
S20: 66 days\
\
I need to check the program I use to get the CSV files from mybasis, because especially S18 and S19 is missing a lot of days, and I know that S18 have the data in his app, so I need to recheck it again. \
\
Also, I have manually checked the above, and I will explain how I will work with the data in point 3 below. \
\
I also need to investigate, why January 16th is empty for everyones watches. No data at all on that day. \
\
Another thing is, that S19 is dropping out. She is having allergic reactions to the rubber from the watch, so she wants to leave. I will get the watch back from her. I don\'92t know if I should try to find a new one, or I just should continue with 9, and mention it in the report. \
\
\
3: Working with data: \
I first thought, I would start out by making a script that could remove all rows without sleep, because it is sleep that is important right now. Then I looked at some of the CSV files from the watch and saw that sometimes when people sleep, the sleep data is empty for some minutes, maybe because the watch is moving to a bad position or something. So I need to rethink this. \
\
But what I would like to do is, to make a script that can combine all daily files into one file, so I have the sleep over midnight etc. \
\
I have not figured out yet, how to work on the empty rows etc, but I will figure something out. Maybe some machine learning can plot some diagrams or something, so I can learn how to do it. \
\
\
4: Next meeting and my work. \
I will try to have the following done for the next meeting - I will try to have it done by the end of Monday: \
\
- If possible, I will have labelled all my DRMs, but for that I need some comments on the attached DRM first. \
\
- I will have send you a plan for, how I think I will work with data from Watch and PING, so we can discuss it at the meeting\
\
- I will have written more report, explaining what I have done so far. \
\
\
\
\
All the best\
Jenny\
\
}